Here is our same example code from the last section,
but this time, we're going to add in error handling.
In this example, we're pretending to reach out to an API with multiple requests.
But whenever we ask an API for something,
there's the potential that our request will fail.
Maybe we have the wrong URL,
maybe that information no longer exists.
Whatever the reason for failure,
we need to make sure that our code can handle that error.
How do we do that? Well, we are already handling
a success case and handling the error case will look very similar.
When we make a request to the API,
we pass a callback function that will be called when the response is ready.
But now, we're not going to pass one function for the success response,
we're going to pass two functions for either the success or failure responses.
Here, I've added a failure response callback to each step in the chain,
because we need to be able to handle an error at any point.
But now, we're passing two functions each time,
and just imagine if this error handling wasn't just a console log.
Imagine we were doing four or five lines of logic to handle the error,
then this nested callback chain would start to look really crazy.
Here is a better example that fits for
either the flat or nested versions of your callback chains.
Instead of writing the error handling function as an anonymous and inline function,
I've broken it out into an external named function.
This way, I can add logic without it being overwhelming to look at,
and It takes some code out of the nested call back chain,
which is in my mind, a big win.
You'll see this pattern a lot in real life.
Hopefully it gives you a better picture of how you can handle success and
error responses from APIs that you reach out to with callback chains.